P2P Multithreaded File Transfer System
A P2P or Peer to peer file transfer system is similar to a Bit-torrent protocol but within a much smaller context. It is a network application where a large file is split into smaller chunks and then transmitted to all peers. Here, the peer with the file listens to a port for other peers and as peers are connected each peer has the data of all other peers. At the beginning, I started writing code for a simple server client based file transfer system and once the connection was established, I started to combine the client server programs into one. This way each peer that was formed had a server side to send the data and a client side to accept data from other peers. This was established using multithreading. The peers were randomly switched to fetch data from and deliver data to different peers. This way the entire file was transferred throughout the network without having to transfer it each time from the owner but by receiving chunks of the file from various peers.

Canadian Car Accidents
Canadian car accidents was a web project that I helped develop with my group members. It was part of my Database Management Systems course where we developed a website to display the car accident data of accidents that happened in Canada and the database we used had excess of 1.4 Million records. I singlehandedly developed the entire middleware layer for this project in addition to helping my team with front-end development and writing database queries. The website fetched date from the user about what kind of accidents they wanted to know about and the options included the time, surface, dates and many more customizations. I also coded the final data to be represented in real time on the website as graphs using Morris.js. This was my second large scale project where we connected HTML webpages customized with CSS to OracleDB using php. This project not only strengthened my confidence with full stack development but also as a team leader.

Feedback Management System
This was my very first project that introduced me to full stack developmet and I worked on this project as part of my internship where I developed an online feedback management system using HTML, CSS, js and php. I singlehandedly coded the front-end, middleware and the database of the entire system. The feedback management system was designed to work in synchronization with the Company's existing Point of sale (Softgate POS) and CRM system. The system handled feedbacks for all of the company's clients which were businesses related to food and clothing industry. The system not only took feedback from customers but also displayed the receipts of the purchase online by fetching date in real time.

Customer Relationship Website
This is a project that I undertook as a freelance project. I worked on a website for a business called Pachisia Chemicals P. Ltd, I developed the website for the company with one other person. For this website, I unassistedly developed the middleware as well as designed the entire database of 4 normalized tables, in addition to that I also developed the administrative front-end of the website. This project taught me a lot about how to handle customers and the importance of transparent communication between the client and the developers.

JobFit Analysis
This is a project I worked on in the senior year of my Bachelor's degree where I developed an entire website using full stack development which worked as an online portal where a user could enter all their details which were saved and we asked them for their past experiences and their interests. We then trained a machine learning model based on a dataset that was available on Kaggle.com about satisfaction of people with their jobs and their interests. The user data was then input into the machine learning model and the system generated recommendations for the user where he/she would be most satisfied for their future endeavours.